ladies and gentlemen today we're going
to talk about the fact that you can
purchase customers like you can actually
just buy income and this is typically
how finances work for instance if you
were to
invest what you would be doing is you
are providing Capital so you're
purchasing shares of a cash producing
company and then now because you are an
owner of this company you are entitled
to the ownership of the assets and the
cash flow the company makes if they give
you dividends right so you're providing
money in order to purchase income it's
the same thing if you were to go
purchase say a rental property you
purchased the house for $500,000 and it
pays you $2,000 per month in income you
literally just purchased an incom
producing asset this is also why people
can sell a company right so someone
could you can go build up a company to a
million do a year and someone might buy
the company for $5 million but so what
they're buying with the $5 million is
the $1 million per year in cash flow
that's literally what's happening right
here so that's on a macro level but you
can execute this function on a micro
level inside of your own company every
singular day and this is what I do every
singular day to make money and it's also
what I'm going to explain how you can do
for your own company today right so the
first thing to understand this is to
understand the concept of lifetime value
so every customer has a finite amount of
economic value that they will produce
for you at all ever so let me give you
for instance let's say you're running an
agency and you sell you sell a service
for $2,000 per month and the average
client is going to stay with you your
average client stays with you for 6
months that means that your lifetime
value on that
client is $122,000 it's 6 * $2,000 is
$112,000 so the average person is going
to stay with you for that one some
people are going to stay for 8 or 12 or
some people are going to stay for three
or two but on average over a hundred
people it's going to be about $122,000
let's say that those are your numbers
everybody is different if you have a
higher client retention then that means
your LTV is higher and that's why client
retention is important so now here's
what you need uh need to
understand you need you you should be
completely willing and able and
comfortable with spending
$66,000 to acquire a $122,000 LTV
customer or like ideally you'd want it
lower like you'd want it to be $22,000
to acquire a $122,000 client now here's
the thing that [__] a lot of people up
right especially if you're a beginner
like you don't really functionally
understand this until you're
significantly larger but here's how it
works right clients don't just [__]
pop out out of The Ether for no reason
like that that's not a thing like people
people are sometimes under the
impression that you start a business
it's like oh I have this offer now and
because my offer is so good people
paying clients are going to pop the [__]
off out of nowhere and it's just not a
thing in order to go find a human who is
going to pay you money it is work like
work and resources must be expended in
order to make that situation a true
eventuality right so there's always a
spend and this is why you'll hear things
that cost to acquire a customer it's
called CAC CAC so you might see this
sometimes people like what's the CAC
right and then and then um depending on
what you spend versus the C so it's I'm
getting like a 1x row ass so what would
that mean it would mean like I just
spent $2,000 to acquire a $2,000
customer so it's a 1x row ass or spent
$100 to acquire a $100 customer it's a
it's one XR s now why would somebody do
that like let's say for instance I have
I have um I have some product and let's
say the average like it's a funnel and
the average order value that means the
average amount that somebody will spend
who goes through this funnel like assume
it's a it's a $20 product and there's
like an order bump and then they there's
a oneclick upsell and there they're all
different prices and whatnot the average
person who completes a purchase through
this funnel is like
$150 right now let's also say that I'm
spending
$150 on ads to acquire that customer so
there's a 1x row ass and people do this
and they scale companies like this and
they'll spend [__] $20,000 a day
doing this now you as if you're a
beginner you might be wondering why
would somebody ever do that you're not
making any money it's a 1x there's zero
profit and here's the actual reason why
is because there's a back
end now the back end might be something
like the the LTV in the back end might
be something like
$220,000 and now there needs to be a
clear distinction made for you between
somebody who was a purchaser and
somebody who was a lead right so here's
the thing with with leads like people
who just put their name email and phone
number into into like a lead Magnet or
something like a free resource a lot of
those people are [__] poor right
they're they're they're just like
they're they're freebie Seekers they
don't do anything the the difference
between somebody like your ultimate goal
is to get somebody on this on this back
end where the LTV is like anywhere from
10,000 to 20,000 to sometimes like
$100,000 the difference between between
a lead and a purchaser is so disgusting
in L substantial like like the value
between these the Delta is so stupidly
wide like for instance it might be that
for
every 100 leads or actually need a
bigger for every 1,000 leads who get a
lead magnet you get like one client or
two clients from the free shap now let's
say for every 1,000 purchasers like they
they give you money for [__] anything
like even some low ticket product it
could be like $5 $20 it might be that
every 1,000 of those you get you sign
like 50 clients so the value of each
individual purchaser who spends any
money at all is so disgustingly higher
than just a normal freebie Seeker lead
it's just it's way way different and
this is why you see people running this
kind of [__] so you might be wondering
like why are these people like if you
ever see ads and you're scrolling
through anywhere it was why are these
people selling this like $10 product or
$20 product and then you you might be
under their pressure oh I can just go
make a funnel and sell like a $20
product and some upsells and I'll make a
bunch of money it's like not true at all
nobody makes [__] any money on that
[__] at all so now I'm going to make the
Assumption here that most of the people
watching this and obviously most of my
subscribers they're agency owners you
guys are selling a service it's like
$11,000 a month $2,000 $3,000 per month
right let's say now that I've given you
this equation earlier you know what your
LTV is your LTV is probably somewhere in
the range of like $8,000 to
$122,000 right so now you're wondering
how the [__] do I buy customers right so
first thing you need to get over is the
fact that you quite literally might
spend
$2,000 to acquire somebody who pays you
$2,000 per month and now you have to do
free [__] for a month so now here's the
differentiation between where you are
now and where you need to be in order to
actually scale some [__] up so you're
thinking of a client as a
job you're thinking of the whole
operations of your company as a job
right except it will never scale like
that you need to think of the operations
of your company as an economic machine
so you're thinking I have to do work for
a month before I get paid I'm thinking I
have to expend economic resources I
already have for a month for free in
order to get paid so it's like you're
you're thinking like I get this customer
I do manual labor I'm thinking I get
this customer I spend money to have
other people do manual labor and I'm
just making a bet I'm just gambling
right this you the way you need to think
of all this [__] is you're in a [__]
Casino like you're you're literally in a
casino and you're gambling except you're
the house and you can influence the odds
and any direction you want if you find
that one variable isn't converting as
much as You' otherwise like it to you
could simply influence the variable and
try to increase the rate with which the
event you want occurs that's it it's
very simple so now you might be asking
well what if I don't have a [__] ton of
money like I can't just go negative
$2,000 acquire a customer
be like break even for a month and like
not make any [__] money at all until
60 days later so so that's called float
so you can't float that much Capital
when you don't have a lot of capital
which is a totally reasonable thing I
understand that you might be in that
situation so now I'm going
to present the idea to you that you can
instead of spending money spend
time because time is money there there's
a onetoone relationship between these
two and the best way for me to help you
understand this is let's say that you
have 10 clients and that's the maximum
amount of clients that you personally
can handle at all whatsoever it is
functionally impossible for you to
manage more clients Beyond 10 right what
that means though is that now in 11th
12th 13th client come to you and they're
like hey I want to pay you the only way
that you could facilitate this is by
hiring somebody paying them money and
just arbitraging the the difference
between the two I purchase time from you
like Mr employee or subcontractor or
contractor whatever the [__] and then
you do the work for the clients and I
just take the difference between the two
that's it that's all you're doing right
so there's always some economic value
that like an actual exertion of effort
has associated with it you see what I
mean so there's always some amount of
time so if you don't have money you have
to spend time there's nothing else to
spend there's only time and there's only
money and if you don't have any money
you better spend some [__] time
because like that's it and this is
actually
interesting the only way that you can
ever make money at all ever in existence
is either because you have time or
because you have money that's it so if
you don't have one you better [__]
spend the other and when you get the
money you better [__] spend the money
if you want to continue to make more
money right so that that is leverage so
like the way you need to understand this
is that like money is like the spiritual
equivalent of time it's like a it's like
a higher dimensional version of time
actually that's literally what it is so
now this is the order by which you
should get clients as a beginner right
so the first so so here are the three
cold
Outreach so you're literally like cold
dming or cold emailing somebody then
content like you make content on the
internet you post videos on YouTube or
whatever and then ads and I'm going to
explain why this is why you specifically
do it in that order right so cold
Outreach why do you do that because it's
more time intensive than money intensive
and it works fast and you get there's
High feed there's fast feedback loops
right so what do I mean by that I mean
like you can go spin up some offer cold
DM it to 50 people see what the response
is and if it didn't work you change the
DM up the next day you just go find more
people and you you only spend time it's
completely free like you you just sit
there and write messages right now
as you maybe you finally get a client
like you're you're sending some C DMS
and [__] and you you get someone to pay
you now you can now you have money so
now you can start increasing the
leverage a little bit what do I mean by
that we're we're using the higher
dimensional version of time it's money
because you got money now now you can
now you can increase the leverage with
the money so how would you do that you
use something like list kit which I own
so now you can go scrape the email
addresses of 2,000 process ects for
$79 that's a [__] [__] ton of people
to outreach to right so and then you can
go buy inboxes and use some [__] like
smart lead to automatically send the
emails so that's another form of
Leverage so now you're going from
emailing or or dming 20 to 50 people a
day to like [__] 300 you see what I
mean like it it's and it's automatic so
you you you literally took the money you
exerted time
acquired money with the time so you
traded it you traded your time for money
and now you're trading the money for
more of your time you see what I mean
you're like interchanging these and it's
like you're going up this step ladder
and it's like it's just a constant
Arbitrage between the two like you trade
some of your time to make a leveraged
amount of money and then you use that
money to trade it back for a leveraged
amount of time
and then you do the same thing steping
all the way up until you have a million
[__] dollars right that's that's just
what you do right so
now you need to start doing
content why would you do content now
with the reason why is because because
you have a client you actually have [__]
to make content on cuz you're doing
something for the client and now you are
discovering one what does not work to
get results for such client and two what
does work to get results for such client
so you have [__] to talk about and you
can make a YouTube video you can make a
Twitter thread you can make a LinkedIn
post and then you can recycle the same
[__] you say over and over and over
again and just say it in a different way
so you have a [__] ton of content
now content takes a little bit to start
working but when it does work it's
[__] ridiculous you see what I mean
this is why you start with cold Outreach
first because it's fast it's a high
feedback loop content it's a pretty slow
feedback loop it takes a while to build
up an audience right that's why you do
it second secondarily because you need
[__] to actually talk about in the first
place you need a client to talk about
anything because you don't know anything
in the first place without a client so
next at this point like say you're doing
this [__] for like 6 months right now
you're getting to that point maybe you
have like five clients six clients now
you have money and you start getting
into the area where you can start
finagle [__] around with
self-liquidating funnels so this is a
this this is what I do right so I have a
funnel right now um it's it it's it's
self liquidating what does that mean
I'll give you an example of the numbers
so it's a
$1500
offer and then we spend
$1,500 to get a client so it's a 1x rows
we kind of spoke about this
earlier why would I do
that the answer is just to get the
backend LTV so for instance this is for
Lis kit so some someone comes in on that
[__] like what's the LTV after that it's
about $900 so it's literally like we're
throwing
forward
$1,500 of
capital to get $1,500 of capital back
and then have somebody who will over
their lifetime spend anywhere from $900
to
$2,000 that's what we're doing I am
completely cool with getting [__] a
100 of those per day that's it that's
the game like that is the game now we
can make content on list kit all all all
the time but at a certain point like you
can only exert so much time and you can
only buy so many you can only find so
many talented people to purchase their
time at a certain point you just got to
spend the money right here's another
example um script swipes like script
swipes the fun shows like um um or best
performing cold Outreach [__] and
there's and there's upsells you can get
recordings of sales calls and then like
a a a thing to call you Mastery and then
also internet money the group internet
money we have um this is all
self-liquidating
[__] I don't care about making money on
[__] any of that at all I don't give
a [__] I make money when you're in
client Ascension so you buy all this
[__] you get introduced to Me Maybe you
start to know like can trust me or like
you buy something and then you're on the
email list and then I send you links to
YouTube videos and now somehow you found
yourself here watching this video right
now and you're like [__] I like this guy
and then you watch a couple other ones
and like a [__] it I want to like
actually talk to this guy like I I want
to be like homies with this I want him
to tell me individually what to do so
you join client Ascension now I finally
get to make some [__] money you see
what I mean like that that's what this
is that's what's going on here that's
the funnel that's how you need to design
your stuff so like for instance how how
would this be facilitated if you're an
agency owner I don't know maybe you're
at anywhere from you're you're you're
you got your first client you're like
10K a month or some [__] like that it's
so first is
that this is a basic checklist of what
you need to be doing you need to
substantially increase the amount of
Outreach you're doing right now like you
need to hit like I don't know maybe you
can go find the email addresses of like
100,000 people in your target market
they're probably on list kit go get all
of them every single one hit the entire
total total addressable Market there's
no
reason to not hit the whole [__] town
get everyone buy every single email and
email every single one cool so now you
have that whole list so now you get a
[__] ton of clients from that and
simultaneously while you're doing this
make a YouTube video every week you can
just make a loom video in like a diagram
explaining how you're doing something or
show a swipe file of of of something or
just rant on the camera like I'm doing
right now just [__] share anything
right just show people that you're not a
random internet
scammer
next on so you're doing all this [__]
simultaneously right so you're cold
outraging and you're making content now
congratulations you have Capital it's
time to start making funnels
specifically low commitment ideally self
liquidating funnels like sell people
some lowc cost [__] like go make like a
$10 swipe file for the best performing
emails You' made for Ecom Brands if
that's your service or like or or make
it like um uh n $97 will run your ads
for a month or some some [__] just
just something to try and self liquidate
and buy customers because the value of
somebody who pays you even just $1 is
quite literally 10 to 100 times higher
than a lead who gets something for free
make self-liquidating funnels this is
how you purchase customers you are
literally exerting time or exerting
money to get somebody who pays you any
amount of money and then you nurture
them and get them onto the [__] with the
higher LTV that's it that is the entire
game and it always has been the game
[__]
always the game has never changed it's
always been that go watch any
go go read the books of like some [__]
like 0 to 100 million no time flat I
forgot what it's called by Michael
Masterson go go read that like he talks
about that like this has always been the
game go read Alex fosy [__] like this is
all this is always what it's been 100%
of the time right so I have two places I
can direct you right now if you're a
beginner but you have zero clients and
you want to learn how to make your first
$11,000 on online there's a link in the
description interneton
group.com right now it is $35 per month
I'm going to show you what to learn how
to turn it into an offer how to get your
first client how to make your first
$1,000 online if you are if you already
have your first client and you want help
getting to like 10K to 50K per month you
should probably join client
Ascension client Ascension is private
group couple hundred agency owners
inside there we talk about [__] like I'm
telling you now like making
self-liquidating funnels building offers
for cold traffic making like [__]
hyper rammed cold Outreach systems like
Delivery Systems hiring people there's I
think there's like 15 coaching calls a
week you can talk to me directly it's
just a small Initiation fee and that
it's $980 per month we just changed the
pricing to that I don't know how long I
want to leave it there so if you are
interested in that you can join
Initiation fee the $980 SP you can
cancel at any time uh that's client
Ascension and you should go watch this
video next and that's it for me today
Lads I love you goodbye